feat(events,applicationautoscaling): schedule can be a token (#13064)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-events/README.md

## Scheduling

You can configure a Rule to run on a schedule (cron or rate).

> Rate can be specified in Minutes/Hours/Days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rate must be specified in minutes, hours or days.
```
